widget.mdx, before:

---
title: Embed a Widget
icon: "message-smile"
description: "Embed a Simli Avatar on your website in a few minutes using Simli Auto."
---

<Frame>
  <video
    autoPlay
    muted
    loop
    playsInline
    className=""
    src="/images/widget1.mp4"
  ></video>
</Frame>


## Features

<CardGroup>
<Card title="Customize widget appearance" icon="palette">
<Frame>
  <video
    autoPlay
    muted
    loop
    playsInline
    className=""
    src="/images/widget2.mp4"
  ></video>
</Frame>
</Card>

<Card title="Share Avatar link" icon="link">
<Frame>
  <video
    autoPlay
    muted
    loop
    playsInline
    className=""
    src="/images/widget3.mp4"
  ></video>
</Frame>
</Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card title="Simli Widget" icon="code" href="https://app.simli.com">
  Start using the Simli Widget on your website.
</Card>

### Supported platforms
- WordPress, Shopify, Squarespace, Wix, Weebly and any website that supports HTML

## Customize widget appearance

The Simli Widget can be customized using various parameters in the embed code. Here are the available customization options:

```tsx
<simli-widget
  token="your-token"
  agentid="your-agent-id"
  position="relative"
  customtext="Call Agent"
  customimage="https://app.simli.com/images/logo.png"
  overlay="false"
>
</simli-widget>
```

### Parameters

- `token` (required): Your Simli API token for authentication
- `agentid` (required): The unique identifier of your Simli Agent

#### Default Mode
- `position`: Controls the widget's position on the page
  - `"relative"`: Positions the widget in the normal document flow
  - `"left"`: Fixes the widget to the left side of the screen
  - `"right"`: Fixes the widget to the right side of the screen
- `customtext`: Custom text to display on the widget button
- `customimage`: URL to a custom image to replace the default dotted face animation

#### Overlay Mode (Custom Trigger Button)
- `overlay`: Set to "true" to enable overlay mode, which creates a full-screen experience and enables you to customize the trigger button. Create a trigger button with the ID `simliOverlayBtn` in your HTML

```tsx
<button id="simliOverlayBtn">Open Widget</button>
<simli-widget
  token="your-token"
  agentid="your-agent-id"
  position="relative"
  overlay="true"
>
</simli-widget>
```

<Card title="Simli Widget" icon="code" href="https://app.simli.com">
  Start using the Simli Widget on your website.
</Card>

<Info>
  Make sure to re-update the embded code on your website if you update your API Keys or Allowlist.
</Info>

Commit message:

added more details to widget docs

widget.mdx, after:

---
title: Embed a Widget
icon: "message-smile"
description: "Embed a Simli Avatar on your website in a few minutes using Simli Auto. <br></br>
Just navigate to the widget section after clicking your avatar and you'll find readymade widget code you can add to any html page!"
---

<Frame>
  <video
    autoPlay
    muted
    loop
    playsInline
    className=""
    src="/images/widget1.mp4"
  ></video>
</Frame>


## Features

<CardGroup>
<Card title="Customize widget appearance" icon="palette">
<Frame>
  <video
    autoPlay
    muted
    loop
    playsInline
    className=""
    src="/images/widget2.mp4"
  ></video>
</Frame>
</Card>

<Card title="Share Avatar link" icon="link">
<Frame>
  <video
    autoPlay
    muted
    loop
    playsInline
    className=""
    src="/images/widget3.mp4"
  ></video>
</Frame>
</Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card title="Simli Widget" icon="code" href="https://app.simli.com">
  Start using the Simli Widget on your website.
</Card>

### Supported platforms
- WordPress, Shopify, Squarespace, Wix, Weebly and any website that supports HTML

## Customize widget appearance

The Simli Widget can be customized using various parameters in the embed code. Here are the available customization options:

```tsx
<simli-widget
  token="your-token"
  agentid="your-agent-id"
  position="relative"
  customtext="Call Agent"
  customimage="https://app.simli.com/images/logo.png"
  overlay="false"
>
</simli-widget>
<script src="https://app.simli.com/simli-widget/index.js" async type="text/javascript"></script>
```

### Parameters

- `token` (required): Your Simli API token for authentication. <br></br> Refer to our [API doc](/api-reference/endpoint/simli-auto/token) for retrieving the token
- `agentid` (required): The unique identifier of your Simli Agent. <br></br> You can find your agent ID by clicking an avatar

#### Default Mode
- `position`: Controls the widget's position on the page
  - `"relative"`: Positions the widget in the normal document flow
  - `"left"`: Fixes the widget to the left side of the screen
  - `"right"`: Fixes the widget to the right side of the screen
- `customtext`: Custom text to display on the widget button
- `customimage`: URL to a custom image to replace the default dotted face animation

#### Overlay Mode (Custom Trigger Button)
- `overlay`: Set to "true" to enable overlay mode, which creates a full-screen experience and enables you to customize the trigger button. Create a trigger button with the ID `simliOverlayBtn` in your HTML

```tsx
<button id="simliOverlayBtn">Open Widget</button>
<simli-widget
  token="your-token"
  agentid="your-agent-id"
  position="relative"
  overlay="true"
>
</simli-widget>
<script src="https://app.simli.com/simli-widget/index.js" async type="text/javascript"></script>
```

<Card title="Simli Widget" icon="code" href="https://app.simli.com">
  Start using the Simli Widget on your website.
</Card>

<Info>
  Make sure to re-update the embded code on your website if you update your API Keys or Allowlist.
</Info>
