api-reference/endpoint/customLLM.mdx, before:

---
title: "Use your own LLM"
icon: comments
---

TL;DR, If you have an OpenAI compatible API (test it out with the python or JS SDKs), pass [Simli the base url, an API key, and the model name](/api-reference/endpoint/startE2ESession#body-custom-llm-config-base-url) and you're golden!

## Background

Using the Simli manged API is awesome! But it can be a bit difficult to tailor it out for your needs. You may have a custom knowledgebase, a RAG powered system, using your finetuned LLM that's the best doctor or tutor ever known to mankind that you self-host, or just want to use a model that we don't readily support. If that's you, hello, you're in the right place.

There's a fun trick that you may already know about if you're this deep into the weeds, if you look at the [Deepseek api docs](https://api-docs.deepseek.com/), you can see that they're using the OpenAI SDK as if it was their own! They just put in the base_url for their API and the API key and then it works as if nothing weird is going on.

Well, this is a result of Deepseek, and a lot of LLM API providers copying most of OpenAI's homework in terms of API design, having the same endpoint naming scheme and Response body structure. OpenAI API has a lot going on; however, there are 3 essential parts that everyone copied: Request path, Request Structure, Response Structure.

## The basic OpenAI request

To make an OpenAI-compatible LLM API, you need to have something resembling the following

POST `http(s)://my-awesome-llm-hosted-here/some/random/path */chat/completions*`

With the header `Authorization` and value `Bearer INSERT_SECRET_API_KEY`

and Body

```JSON
"model":"my-AGI",
"messages": [
    {"role":"system", "content":"This is a sample system message (AKA base prompt)"}
    {"role":"asssistant", "content":"This is a sample AI generated message"}
    {"role":"user","content":"This is a sample user Input"}
]
```

and the response(s)

```JSON
{
    "id":0,
    "choices" :[ {
        "delta": {"content":"Chunk Completion Text Example"}
    }],
    "created": "Unix Time Stamp",
    "model":"the model name you had in request",
    "object": "chat.completion.chunk" // Just a literal
}
```

Response has the mimetype `text/eventstream` and the structure above is used for all chunks. You must ensure that the text body is correctly formatted. Additionally, you must indicate that your response is done by sending a DONE frame. All responses are followed by 2 newline delimiters. Using FastAPI for example, you would have an async generator looking like this:

```python
import json
async def outputStream():
    ResultDict = [{
        "id":0,
        "choices" :[ {
            "delta": {"content":"Chunk Completion Text Example"}
        }],
        "created": "Unix Time Stamp",
        "model":"the model name you had in request",
        "object": "chat.completion.chunk" # Just a literal
    }]
    async for chunk in ResultDict:
        yield f"data: {json.dumps(chunk)}\n\n"
    yield "data: [DONE]\n\n"

```

Here's an example server sending out a mock response with FastAPI, which can be simply run using `python app.py` and passing the hosting URL to Simli. (more examples in other languages coming soon)

```python
import time
from fastapi import FastAPI, Request
from fastapi.responses import StreamingResponse
import json

app = FastAPI()


async def streamOutput():
    data = {
        "id": "",
        "choices": [
            {
                "delta": {"content": "This is a test. "},
                "index": 0,
            }
        ],
        "model": "gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18",
        "created": 0,
        "object": "chat.completion.chunk",
    }
    for i in range(5):
        data["id"] = f"id-{i}"
        data["choices"][0]["index"] = i
        data["created"] = int(time.time())
        out = f"data: {json.dumps(data)}\n\n"
        yield out
    yield "data: [DONE]\n\n"


@app.post("/chat/completions")
async def chat_completions(_: Request):
    return StreamingResponse(streamOutput(), media_type="text/event-stream")


if __name__ == "__main__":
    import uvicorn

    uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=11000)
```

and another exxample just wrapping OpenAI SDK on the server

```python
import os
from fastapi import FastAPI, Request
from fastapi.responses import StreamingResponse
from openai import AsyncOpenAI
from openai.types.chat import ChatCompletionChunk
from typing import AsyncGenerator
from dotenv import load_dotenv

app = FastAPI()

load_dotenv(override=True)
OPEN_AI_API_KEY = os.getenv("OPENAI_API_KEY")
async_client = AsyncOpenAI(api_key=OPEN_AI_API_KEY)


async def streamOutput(request: Request):
    output: AsyncGenerator[
        ChatCompletionChunk
    ] = await async_client.chat.completions.create(**(await request.json()))

    async for item in output:
        out = f"data: {item.model_dump_json(exclude_unset=True)}\n\n"
        yield out
    yield "data: [DONE]\n\n"


@app.post("/chat/completions")
async def chat_completions(request: Request):
    return StreamingResponse(
        streamOutput(request),
        media_type="text/event-stream",
    )


if __name__ == "__main__":
    import uvicorn

    uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=11000)
```

Commit message:

split into compose/auto, describe Auto, make consistent capitalization.

api-reference/endpoint/customLLM.mdx, after:

---
title: "Bring your own LLM"
icon: comments
---

TL;DR, If you have an OpenAI compatible API (test it out with the python or JS SDKs), pass [Simli the base url, an API key, and the model name](/api-reference/endpoint/startE2ESession#body-custom-llm-config-base-url) and you're golden!

## Background

Using Simli Auto (our end-to-end API) is awesome! But it can be a bit difficult to tailor it out for your needs. You may have a custom knowledge base, a RAG powered system, using your fine-tuned LLM that's the best doctor or tutor ever known to mankind that you self-host, or just want to use a model that we don't readily support. If that's you, you're in the right place.

There's a fun trick that you may already know about if you're this deep into the weeds, if you look at the [Deepseek api docs](https://api-docs.deepseek.com/), you can see that they're using the OpenAI SDK as if it was their own! They just put in the base_url for their API and the API key and then it works as if nothing weird is going on.

Well, this is a result of Deepseek, and a lot of LLM API providers copying most of OpenAI's homework in terms of API design, having the same endpoint naming scheme and Response body structure. OpenAI API has a lot going on; however, there are 3 essential parts that everyone copied: Request path, Request Structure, Response Structure.

## The basic OpenAI request

To make an OpenAI-compatible LLM API, you need to have something resembling the following

POST `http(s)://my-awesome-llm-hosted-here/some/random/path */chat/completions*`

With the header `Authorization` and value `Bearer INSERT_SECRET_API_KEY`

and Body

```JSON
"model":"my-AGI",
"messages": [
    {"role":"system", "content":"This is a sample system message (AKA base prompt)"}
    {"role":"asssistant", "content":"This is a sample AI generated message"}
    {"role":"user","content":"This is a sample user Input"}
]
```

and the response(s)

```JSON
{
    "id":0,
    "choices" :[ {
        "delta": {"content":"Chunk Completion Text Example"}
    }],
    "created": "Unix Time Stamp",
    "model":"the model name you had in request",
    "object": "chat.completion.chunk" // Just a literal
}
```

Response has the mimetype `text/eventstream` and the structure above is used for all chunks. You must ensure that the text body is correctly formatted. Additionally, you must indicate that your response is done by sending a DONE frame. All responses are followed by 2 newline delimiters. Using FastAPI for example, you would have an async generator looking like this:

```python
import json
async def outputStream():
    ResultDict = [{
        "id":0,
        "choices" :[ {
            "delta": {"content":"Chunk Completion Text Example"}
        }],
        "created": "Unix Time Stamp",
        "model":"the model name you had in request",
        "object": "chat.completion.chunk" # Just a literal
    }]
    async for chunk in ResultDict:
        yield f"data: {json.dumps(chunk)}\n\n"
    yield "data: [DONE]\n\n"

```

Here's an example server sending out a mock response with FastAPI, which can be simply run using `python app.py` and passing the hosting URL to Simli. (more examples in other languages coming soon)

```python
import time
from fastapi import FastAPI, Request
from fastapi.responses import StreamingResponse
import json

app = FastAPI()


async def streamOutput():
    data = {
        "id": "",
        "choices": [
            {
                "delta": {"content": "This is a test. "},
                "index": 0,
            }
        ],
        "model": "gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18",
        "created": 0,
        "object": "chat.completion.chunk",
    }
    for i in range(5):
        data["id"] = f"id-{i}"
        data["choices"][0]["index"] = i
        data["created"] = int(time.time())
        out = f"data: {json.dumps(data)}\n\n"
        yield out
    yield "data: [DONE]\n\n"


@app.post("/chat/completions")
async def chat_completions(_: Request):
    return StreamingResponse(streamOutput(), media_type="text/event-stream")


if __name__ == "__main__":
    import uvicorn

    uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=11000)
```

and another exxample just wrapping OpenAI SDK on the server

```python
import os
from fastapi import FastAPI, Request
from fastapi.responses import StreamingResponse
from openai import AsyncOpenAI
from openai.types.chat import ChatCompletionChunk
from typing import AsyncGenerator
from dotenv import load_dotenv

app = FastAPI()

load_dotenv(override=True)
OPEN_AI_API_KEY = os.getenv("OPENAI_API_KEY")
async_client = AsyncOpenAI(api_key=OPEN_AI_API_KEY)


async def streamOutput(request: Request):
    output: AsyncGenerator[
        ChatCompletionChunk
    ] = await async_client.chat.completions.create(**(await request.json()))

    async for item in output:
        out = f"data: {item.model_dump_json(exclude_unset=True)}\n\n"
        yield out
    yield "data: [DONE]\n\n"


@app.post("/chat/completions")
async def chat_completions(request: Request):
    return StreamingResponse(
        streamOutput(request),
        media_type="text/event-stream",
    )


if __name__ == "__main__":
    import uvicorn

    uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=11000)
```
