api-reference/samples.mdx, before:

---
title: Sample repos
icon: "github"
description: "Explore our open-source projects on GitHub integrating Simli with various AI agents"
---

#### OpenAI Realtime Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-openai"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-openai"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli with OpenAI conversational agent
</Card>

#### Vapi Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-vapi"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-vapi"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli with Vapi conversational agent
</Card>

#### Dailybots Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-dailybot"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-dailybot"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli with Dailybots (pipecat) conversational agent
</Card>

#### ElevenLabs Conversational Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-elevenlabs"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-elevenlabs"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli with ElevenLabs conversational agent
</Card>

#### Deepgram + OpenAI + ElevenLabs

<Card
  title="create-simli-app"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli over server side with Deepgram (STT), OpenAI (LLM) and ElevenLabs (TTS)
</Card>

#### Deepgram + Groq
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-groq-deepgram"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-groq-deepgram"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli over server side with Groq (LLM) and Deepgram (STT + TTS)
</Card>

Commit message:

include brand new simli agent

api-reference/samples.mdx, after:

---
title: Sample repos
icon: "github"
description: "Explore our open-source projects on GitHub integrating Simli with various AI agents"
---

#### Simli AI Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-agent"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-agent"
>
  Using Simli's brand new and easy to use conversational AI agent
</Card>

#### OpenAI Realtime Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-openai"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-openai"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli with OpenAI conversational agent
</Card>

#### Vapi Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-vapi"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-vapi"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli with Vapi conversational agent
</Card>

#### Dailybots Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-dailybot"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-dailybot"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli with Dailybots (pipecat) conversational agent
</Card>

#### ElevenLabs Conversational Agent
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-elevenlabs"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-elevenlabs"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli with ElevenLabs conversational agent
</Card>

#### Deepgram + OpenAI + ElevenLabs

<Card
  title="create-simli-app"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli over server side with Deepgram (STT), OpenAI (LLM) and ElevenLabs (TTS)
</Card>

#### Deepgram + Groq
<Card
  title="create-simli-app-groq-deepgram"
  icon="github"
  href="https://github.com/simliai/create-simli-app-groq-deepgram"
>
  Open source project that demonstrates how to use Simli over server side with Groq (LLM) and Deepgram (STT + TTS)
</Card>
